LSP-15-TransactionRelayerAPI (#133)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-15-TransactionRelayerAPI.md

---
lip: 15
title: TransactionRelayerAPI
author: Hugo Masclet <git@hugom.xyz>, Callum Grindle <callumgrindle@gmail.com>
discussions-to: https://discord.gg/E2rJPP4
status: Draft
type: LSP
created: 2022-10-05
---

## Simple Summary

A Transaction Relayer API for consistency across all Transaction Relayer providers.

## Abstract

> The [LSP-6-KeyManager](./LSP-6-KeyManager.md) proposes an [`executeRelayCall()`](./LSP-6-KeyManager.md#executerelaycall) function. It allows anybody to execute `_calldata` payload on a set ERC725 X or Y smart contract, given they have a signed message from an executor. This opens the way to Transaction Relayers. This document describes the API 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [LSP-6-KeyManager](./LSP-6-KeyManager.md) proposes an [`executeRelayCall()`](./LSP-6-KeyManager.md#executerelaycall) function. It allows anybody to execute `_calldata` payload on a set ERC725 X or Y smart contract, given they have provided a signed message to an executor. This opens the way to Transaction Relay service. 

This standard describes the API fro a transaction relay service.
```

## Specification

### API

#### POST `/execute`

Executes a signed transaction on behalf of a Universal Profile using `executeRelayCall()`.

##### Request body

```json
{
  "address": "0xBB645D97B0c7D101ca0d73131e521fe89B463BFD", // Address of the UP
  "transaction": {
    "abi": "0x7f23690c5ef83ad9559033e6e941db7d7c495acdce616347d28e90c7ce47cbfcfcad3bc5000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000004000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000596f357c6aa5a21984a83b7eef4cb0720ac1fcf5a45e9d84c653d97b71bbe89b7a728c386a697066733a2f2f516d624b43744b4d7573376741524470617744687a32506a4e36616f64346b69794e436851726d3451437858454b00000000000000",
    "signature": "0x43c958b1729586749169599d7e776f18afc6223c7da21107161477d291d497973b4fc50a724b1b2ab98f3f8cf1d5cdbbbdf3512e4fbfbdc39732229a15beb14a1b",
    "nonce": 1 // KeyManager nonce
  },
}
```

##### Response

```json
{
  "transactionHash": "0xBB645D97B0c7D101ca0d73131e521fe89B463BFD",
}
```

#### POST `/quota`

Returns the available quota left for a registered Universal Profile.

> - `signature` value is the message value signed by a controller key with the SIGN permission of the Universal Profile

Reviewer: why the `SIGN` permission would be necessary here?

Author: it is because then we can use isValidSignature from the backend to check if that signature was a "true" signature.

- `timestamp` must be +/- 5 seconds

> - hash should be calculated as `keccack256(address, timestamp)`. This is the message that should be signed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- hash should be calculated as `keccak256(address, timestamp)`. This is the message that should be signed.
```

Also it might be good to clarify the type for `timestamp` here (I guess a `uint256`?).

So that would be:

```suggestion
- hash should be calculated as `keccack256(address signer + uint256 timestamp)`. This is the message that should be signed.
```
